Add new terms for glossary: RHEL software management (#261)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/a.adoc

*See also*: xref:app[app]

[discrete]
[[application-stream]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Application Stream (noun)

> *Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of RHEL user-space components that are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPMs packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse with AppStream, which is the repository through which Application Streams are distributed. Note that the AppStream repository contains also components other than Application Streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of RHEL user-space components that are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPMs packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse with AppStream, which is the repository through which Application Streams are distributed. Note that the AppStream repository also contains components other than Application Streams.
```

Reviewer: I think the word 'also' should be switched like this so that the sentence reads correctly.

> *Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of RHEL user-space components that are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPMs packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse with AppStream, which is the repository through which Application Streams are distributed. Note that the AppStream repository also contains components other than Application Streams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of RHEL user-space components that are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPM packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse with "AppStream", which is the repository through which Application Streams are distributed. Note that the AppStream repository also contains components other than Application Streams.
```

> *Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of RHEL user-space components which are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPMs packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse with AppStream, which is the repository through which Application Streams are distributed. Note that the AppStream repository contains also components other than Application Streams.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of RHEL user-space components that are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPMs packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse with AppStream, which is the repository through which Application Streams are distributed. Note that the AppStream repository contains also components other than Application Streams.
```
- Per _IBM Style_: use "that" to introduce a restrictive clause and "which" preceded by a comma to introduce an unrestricted clause (See "Relative pronouns" section for more info")

Reviewer 4: @bburt-rh is correct. I thought there was a comma there, but now I see that one is missing.

> *Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of RHEL user-space components that are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPM packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse with "AppStream", which is the repository through which Application Streams are distributed. Note that the AppStream repository also contains components other than Application Streams.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of Red Hat Enterprise Linux user-space components that are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPM packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse with "AppStream", which is the repository through which Application Streams are distributed. Note that the AppStream repository also contains components other than Application Streams.
```
- Should RHEL be spelled out here?

Reviewer 5: The SSG spells out "Red Hat Enterprise Linux throughout the glossary except in a few niche cases. Agree that the acronym should be spelled out. Ditto other cases in this PR.

> *Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of Red Hat Enterprise Linux user-space components that are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPM packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse with "AppStream", which is the repository through which Application Streams are distributed. Note that the AppStream repository also contains components other than Application Streams.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Application Streams_ are multiple versions of Red Hat Enterprise Linux user-space components that are delivered and updated more frequently than the core operating system packages. Application Streams can be packaged as RPM packages, modules, or Software Collections. Do not confuse it with "AppStream", the repository through which Application Streams and other components are distributed.
```

*Use it*: yes

> *Incorrect forms*: AppStream, application stream

Reviewer 7: + Application stream /?

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[appstream-repository]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] AppStream repository (noun)

> *Description*: RHEL content in the _AppStream repository_ includes additional user-space applications, runtime languages, and databases in support of the varied workloads and use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: RHEL content in the _AppStream repository_ includes additional user-space applications, runtime languages, and databases in support of varied workloads and use cases.
```
I think the word 'the' should be removed here because use case and varied workloads are general terms and you're not speaking about any specific workloads?
I'm not 100% sure about the meaning of that last clause though. So maybe changing it around could help too, like:
`RHEL content in the _AppStream repository_ includes additional user-space applications, runtime languages, and databases that support various use cases and workloads.`

> *Description*: The _AppStream repository_  distributes RHEL content as Application Streams and other components. Do not confuse the "AppStream repository" with the "Application Streams" that it distributes.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
*Description*: The _AppStream repository_  distributes RHEL content as Application Streams and other components. Do not confuse the AppStream repository with the Application Streams that it distributes.
```

> *Description*: RHEL content in the _AppStream repository_ includes Application Streams, such as additional user-space applications, runtime languages, and databases in support of varied workloads and use cases.

Reviewer 6: The current version defines _RHEL content_ rather than _AppStream repository_. How about:
```suggestion
*Description*: The _AppStream repository_  distributes RHEL content as Application Streams and other components. These Application Streams include additional user-space applications, runtime languages, and databases for various workloads and use cases.
```

> *Description*: The _AppStream repository_  distributes RHEL content as Application Streams and other components. These Application Streams include additional user-space applications, runtime languages, and databases for various workloads and use cases.

Reviewer 6: Maybe, for parallelism and conciseness:
```suggestion
*Description*: The _AppStream repository_  distributes RHEL content as Application Streams and other components. Do not confuse the "AppStream repository" with the "Application Streams" that it distributes.
```
- Removed the extended description of "Application Streams," which is covered in its own entry.

Author: Thank you :-)

*Use it*: yes

> *Incorrect forms*: Appstream, appstream

Reviewer 6: For parallelism, maybe:
```suggestion
*Incorrect forms*: Appstream, appstream, Application Stream
```
